you know what is going on everyone
welcome to the double upload for the day
guys did not see my first video please
be sure to go check it out it was a
best-of-five trickshotting on carrying
it was absolutely sick everyone was
sitting some sweet ass shots oh yeah as
you guys know I said this last week I
got it I gotta talk over a picture will
smith and double upload it's just it's
become something that I have to do now
if I don't do it people will get upset
to enjoy the picture of will smith and
has anybody seen this man he's out
everybody enjoy the video yes men awal
knees better long maybe then we'll be
better bomb i'm hoping that it comes but
it never does I just wanna be the man my
dad for wash get my music is also just
start new drills and they all gone but I
got that be for the Popo they don't like
my style no no I don't really give a
damn my two steering switch gears and
the best just keep children no
interceptions no interference I'm gonna
18 no head cheering I'm headed for the
stage now a clearing all the bad women
in the building man
bad women in the building let's get it
started tonight this was on me let's go
downtown tonight one shot two shots
chuckling about counting right hope we
drink you down so we can live it
and I'm thankful even when they say I'm
crazy
time is like this
ain't nobody shutting down the way I'm
killing it in anybody talking shit i can
write the innocent wanna be the one who
let you know what sentiment okay some of
your girl
I love it set the bar on my buck backing
down I never does any but sound buzzing
you got one I got a dust if she's taking
I hope she got a cousin cuz she's hotter
than the Hammers on the last game but
some better do the things that I'm Matt
Cain I'm a chef can I do this a pancake
we can keep it a secret just like a
handshake shit like bang free but I
right let's see with the world brings
you with a guy like me god I've had
worse baby imma OG it'll be hard punches
fly with me tonight this one's on me
let's go downtown I one shot some shots
I don't really know if I'm counting
right hope we drink it down so we can
live it up why cuz you never know
tomorrow brings in this crazy
when they say I'm crazy
me down so we can and I'm thankful even
when I say you're crazy
the slide